# AIs-Radiogenomic-Symphony-Mapping-Lung-Cancer-through-Gene-image-Correlation
This work aims to construct Deep Learning (DL) and Machine Learning (ML) models for survival analysis, therapy outcome prediction and EGFR mutation status prediction to detect and diagnose lung cancer accurately. 

To aid in the prognosis, diagnosis, and planning of lung cancer treatment. In order to study the links between gene expression profiles and radiomic characteristics that are derived from medical images, a process known as radiogenomics is conducted. The investigation of these connections for both transcriptome and imaging data will be conducted using the suggested methodology. We will extract radiomic characteristics from CT scans and its gene expression profile (RNA-seq). The biological value of these radiomic features was justified by revealing closely associated biological processes and pathways through enrichment analysis on their transcriptomics-based regression models. The most significant differentially expressed genes (DEGs) were selected through Significance Analysis of Microarrays (SAM) and 2-fold change, And multiple models with different purpose will be constructed for different analysis (SVM, Random Forest, k-NN, multi model, DNN, and CNN). The suggested methodological pipeline offers combined radio transcriptomics indicators and models to support the relationship and complementarities between the transcriptome and the phenotypic in cancer, as shown in this research on non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) a subtype of lung cancer.
